feat: bastion revolution (remove pcap, unify bastion & tracker) (#1118)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: operators/README.md

> The SSH bastion is composed of three basic blocks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SSH bastion is composed of two basic blocks:
```

1. `ssh-bastion`: a lightweight alpine based container running [sshd](https://man.cx/sshd)

> 1. `ssh-controller`: an operator-like tool based on on [Kubebuilder 2.3](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder.git) to read and sync SSH keys which also tracks forwarded SSH connections, exposing them as metrics for Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `ssh-controller`: an operator-like tool based on on [Kubebuilder 2.3](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder.git) to read and sync SSH keys which also tracks forwarded SSH connections, leveraging the netfilter/conntrack subsystem, and exposing them as metrics for Prometheus.
```

### Bastion SSH Tracker
The ssh tracker enables lightweight and non-intrusive monitoring of SSH activity from the bastion, complementing monitoring focused on GUI accesses coming from the ingress controller.
The idea is to track each time a new SSH session is established from a user to an instance (e.g., VM), in order to monitor whether the instance is currently being used by its owner, or it is a 'stale' instance which consumes resources for no reason.

> This is done by tracking all the TCP SYN packets from the SSH bastion to any instance; when such a packet is detected, the corresponding Prometheus metric is incremented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by tracking all the new TCP connections (through netfilter/conntrack) from the SSH bastion to any instance; when such a new connection is detected, the corresponding Prometheus metric is incremented.
```
